Aleksandra Smirnova. Self Introduction.
My name is Sasha and I hope soon I will be junior frontend developer. 
I don’t like photos and videos starring me. Sorry for that. I will show you my kitty instead
I graduated from Saint-Petersburg SUAI. My speciality was technology of transport process. Currently I am attending the RSSchool frontend course. 

When I worked as a expeditor in one small company I found that almost every company has problems with programs for working. After that I confirmed my findings In really big international company. And I decided to help this companies with connecting workers and programmers, because ladies near 50 in logistic couldn’t understood what programmers asking for. For few years in logistic I understood that I can do something more interesting than to be just client manager. 
At the beginning I thought to be a tester, but when I explore specific of this work I understood that I want to be a creator more. Actually I decided to be a programmer after some kind of research in professions of IT sphere. First of all I wanted to study Python. And actually I liked it. 
But after 2 month I understood that I couldn’t study without help or plan. So I change language to JavaScript. I began with reading book learn-js. And I completed all lectures of basic chapter. I really tried to solve all tasks in that chapter, but my my knowledge was insufficient for solving few final tasks. I think after current course I will be able to do those tasks without problems. 

The next  step was Epam beginner course. Illegally, because I missed start of course for 2 month. So I just saw lectures and made all Epam’s tasks.  My final project was Pokedex. And I made it with React and Redux.  I can’t say that I understood all in Redux, but it was interesting experience. And I like React. Before I finished Pokedex I started to studying in RS School. 
I hope somehow I can find a project with logistics websites because I want to make the life of logisticians has become easy.

Thank you for your attention 